README.md, before:

# Palworld-Palbox-Slot-Injector
Injects slots into existing players palboxes. Allows you to increase the amount of possible slots you can have in the boxes. It does not, however, allow you to access those slots without a mod.

Works alongside a mod like: https://www.nexusmods.com/palworld/mods/68  
You can edit the main.lua script this mod comes with to edit the box count and slot sizes  

Game appears to work by having slots be an ordered array containing box slots in a contiguous order. How many slots you have is based on box count * slots per box. Based on these parameters, you can just inject new slots to the save based on your desired box count and slots per boxes setup in a mod like the previously listed.  

**Tools needed:**  
Python installed  
Palworld-Save-Tools: https://github.com/cheahjs/palworld-save-tools/  

**How to use:**  
1. Run "Palworld-Save-Tools" against "Level.sav" to get "Level.sav.json" in the directory  
2. In save "Players" folder, run "Palworld-Save-Tools" against all player .sav so that you have x.sav.json  
- eg. "00000000000000000000000000000001.sav" -> "00000000000000000000000000000001.sav.json"  
3. In "config.ini" in script folder, modify "boxcount" number to desired box number and "boxslotcount" to desired slots per box  
4. Drag your "Level.sav.json" onto the "inject_box_slots.cmd" or command line it  
- Must be "**Level.sav.json**" not "Level.sav"  
5. Install a mod like previously stated "Bigger and Reorganized PalBox" to allow displaying of the new box slots  

It will automatically read player .sav.json's in the Players folder to find their palbox guid and inject box slots to the required amount  

**Dedicated Server**  
At the time of writing this, this appears to be able to be ran on a dedicated server but I haven't done it myself so only limited knowledge on the process.  
You can inject mods into a dedicated server with:  
https://github.com/N00byKing/PalWorld-ServerInjector  
With this installed, the most recent mods by "yakuzadeso" on NexusMods includes a "ue4ss signatures" archive. Replacing the server injector with these updated signatures appears to make it work.  
https://www.nexusmods.com/palworld/users/63907421?tab=user+files  
If Palworld updates this may prevent you from running dedicated with mods and thus not being able to use the saves changes this makes. This could potentially break the save if you run without the mods so be aware of this.  

**Notes:**  
I am unaware of what possible issues this could cause so use with caution and awareness this may break something and be irreversible. It already backups level.sav.json but be sure to do it yourself.

Commit message:

Add more guardrails Update Readme to better explain "Bigger and Reorganized PalBox" relationship

README.md, after:

# Palworld-Palbox-Slot-Injector
Injects slots into existing players palboxes. Allows you to increase the amount of possible slots you can have in the boxes. It does not, however, allow you to access those slots without a mod.

Works alongside a mod like: https://www.nexusmods.com/palworld/mods/68  
You can edit the main.lua script this mod comes with to edit the box count and slot sizes  

Game appears to work by having slots be an ordered array containing box slots in a contiguous order. How many slots you have is based on box count * slots per box. Based on these parameters, you can just inject new slots to the save based on your desired box count and slots per boxes setup in a mod like the previously listed.  

**Tools needed:**  
Python installed  
Palworld-Save-Tools: https://github.com/cheahjs/palworld-save-tools/  

**How to use:**  
1. Run "Palworld-Save-Tools" against "Level.sav" to get "Level.sav.json" in the directory  
2. In save "Players" folder, run "Palworld-Save-Tools" against all player .sav so that you have x.sav.json  
- eg. "00000000000000000000000000000001.sav" -> "00000000000000000000000000000001.sav.json"  
3. In "config.ini" in script folder, modify "boxcount" number to desired box number and "boxslotcount" to desired slots per box  
4. Drag your "Level.sav.json" onto the "inject_box_slots.cmd" or command line it  
- Must be "**Level.sav.json**" not "Level.sav"  
5. Install a mod like previously stated "Bigger and Reorganized PalBox" to allow displaying of the new box slots  
- Modify the "main.lua" that comes from "Bigger and Reorganized PalBox" so that  
- - "PalGameSetting.PalBoxPageNum" is the same as "boxcount" in "config.ini"  
- - "PalGameSetting.PalBoxSlotNumInPage" is the same as "boxslotcount" in "config.ini"

It will automatically read player .sav.json's in the Players folder to find their palbox guid and inject box slots to the required amount  

**Dedicated Server**  
At the time of writing this, this appears to be able to be ran on a dedicated server but I haven't done it myself so only limited knowledge on the process.  
You can inject mods into a dedicated server with:  
https://github.com/N00byKing/PalWorld-ServerInjector  
With this installed, the most recent mods by "yakuzadeso" on NexusMods includes a "ue4ss signatures" archive. Replacing the server injector with these updated signatures appears to make it work.  
https://www.nexusmods.com/palworld/users/63907421?tab=user+files  
If Palworld updates this may prevent you from running dedicated with mods and thus not being able to use the saves changes this makes. This could potentially break the save if you run without the mods so be aware of this.  

**Notes:**  
I am unaware of what possible issues this could cause so use with caution and awareness this may break something and be irreversible. It already backups level.sav.json but be sure to do it yourself.
